So let's go ahead and play ahead, and then when we get to here, we're going to want to make an addition.
OK.
So
if I want to add, it's just it feels like there's something missing in the shot.
And let's say I don't want to do a cutaway, but let's say I just want to add a little bit of maybe
a cool jumping forward.
I'm going to make a cut.
I'm going to use a slip tool and I'm going to slip forward ahead.
In this clip.
Now, let's see.
OK, cool.
So see how he skips around in the frame boom right there before we just kind of dance without.
And we just accentuate.
The movement now, if we wanted to take it a step further, we could even go and add a flip filter to
flip the orientation, and it's going to make this jumpcut even more dramatic.
Now, I'm not going to do that for this one, because that's a specific look, it's a little too much.
You want to be subtle.
You want to make it look cooler, but you don't want to make it look cheesy.
That's a little bit cheesy for my taste for this specific one, but it's an option.
So let's go to the next blue part, which is right here.
OK, so to kind of mix things up, I want to add a cool kind of, you know, a fast molik right here.
So let's go ahead and turn that clip off.
Let's go to our trusty bureau and let's find a cool kind of moment.
Let's see this.
Let's let's grab this.
Let's go to our sequence.
I'm going to lock the bottom and I'm going to paste this on.
And let's see.
OK, it's not fast enough, it doesn't have enough energy in its current state.
I really want to give it a wimpiness.
So I really wanted to add to the overall energy of the edit.
So let's speed it up five hundred percent and let's cut it down so that it's matching the amount of
time that we want it to take up.
And let's see.
Oh, a lot better.
So that's looking better.
So it kind of goes in, throws down, throws the viewer down into the next shot.
So for comparison, let's see it without.
Of course, so not much going on, and then if we put it back.
Cool, just a little accent, so I'm liking that.
Let's go to our next blue areas.
Looks like these two that I marked off that should be updated.
OK.
So, yeah, let's start with this one.
So I want to cool another kind of cool throwing movement because this is a huge striking point in the
song.
So let's go to our unusable beer.
All right.
And let's see.
Let's see how that works.
So I'm going to grab this.
Let me put it here.
Lock the footage and I'm going to speed up because I know we're going to need to have a high energy
amount of movement.
So, OK, I'm liking that.
Let me actually go 700 percent and let's make it shorter.
OK, so actually what I want to do is rather than shortening it, I'm going to school it because there's
a little bit of extra space here.
So I want this cool fast clip to start sooner.
Let's see that.
Yeah, there we go.
So without.
OK, and then with.
Nice.
You know, and when you have these moments where the viewer doesn't really have time to pick up on what
is going on because it's happening so quickly, it naturally just kind of gives you this, whoa, what
the heck?
Kind of excited pie, good confusion where it's confusing in a good way.
Something to keep in mind.
So let's see one more.
Where I am right there.
Let's see one more.
What are we not used?
Let's go ahead and use this clip.
OK, so when you grab that and paste it and shorted down.
OK, and then just going to fine tune it a little bit.
Yeah, there we go.
OK, cool, so we went through and we updated and added in our B roll to create a much more stylized
and a much more unique video overall.